Add buildMetadata task and ref (#5511)
kubernetes-sigs/kustomize: site/content/en/docs/Tasks/build_metadata.md

The following example adds the `app.kubernetes.io/managed-by` label to a resource.

1. Create a Kustomization file.
```yaml
# kustomization.yaml
apiVersion: kustomize.config.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Kustomization
resources:
- service.yaml
buildMetadata: [managedByLabel]
```

2. Create a Service manifest.
```yaml
# service.yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: myService
spec:
  ports:
  - port: 7002
```

3. Add label with `kustomize build`.

The output shows that the `managedByLabel` option adds the `app.kubernetes.io/managed-by` label to provide information about the resource manifest.

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: myService
  labels:
    app.kubernetes.io/managed-by: kustomize-v5.2.1
spec:
  ports:
  - port: 7002
```

## Add Origin Annotation with Local Resource

Specify the `originAnnotations` option in the `buildMetadata` field to annotate resources with information about their origin.

The possible fields of these annotations are:

- `path`: The path to a resource file itself.
- `ref`: If from a remote file or generator, the ref of the repo URL.

> - `repo`: If from a remote file or generator, the repo source.

Reviewer: Is it worth expanding "ref" to "reference" and "repo" to "repository" here, instead of using the abbreviated forms?

I tend to avoid using abbreviated forms whenever possible to avoid confusion on the reader side, but I'm not super familiar with the context here to judge whether one is better than the other.

Author: Sounds good. I removed the abbreviations from the descriptions of the fields.

> - `configuredIn`: If a generated resource, the path to the generator config. If a generator is invoked via a field
> in the kustomization file, this would point to the kustomization file itself.
> - `configuredBy`: If a generated resource, the ObjectReference of the generator config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `configuredIn`: for generated resources, the path to the generator config. If a generator is invoked via a field
in the kustomization file, this would point to the kustomization file itself.
- `configuredBy`: for generated resources, the ObjectReference of the generator config.
```

Same question for "config" here (although I reckon that "config" is a fairly standardized term).

Author: Same as above. I removed the abbreviations and reworded the descriptions.
